DOCS | CORL-290 | Add Custom SSO Plugin Recipe (#2249)
coralproject/talk: docs/source/01-05-pre-launch-checklist.md

- [ ] Do you have a domain name for Talk?
  - **Recommended**: You should host Talk on a subdomain on your main site (e.g. if your site is mysitefornews.org, you should serve Talk from a subdomain like talk.mysitefornews.org) to avoid issues with third-party cookie sharing.

> - [ ] Do you want to use a CDN to improve performance and reduce load on your Talk servers?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Do you have a Content Delivery Network (CDN) to improve performance and reduce load on your Talk servers?
```
